Peter Jackson initially wanted Chuck Norris to star in Lord of the Rings. Unfortunately, the entire trilogy would've been 12 hours shorter and full of dead hobbits.
Chuck Norris gave cats nine lives so he could kill them more.
Chuck Norris has the ability to morph into many forms. How do you explain all the shark attacks each year?
Chuck Norris runs the mile in negative 6 seconds.
Chuck Norris speaks in 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound.
According to the Book of Revelations, the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are War, Famine, Pestilence, and Death. This is because there was no Greek word for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't like your attitude, and there's nothing you can do about it.
The San Andreas Fault has been blamed for most of Chuck Norris' farts.
Chuck Norris once had a passionate affair with a turtle. The result was four sons named Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelangelo, and Raphael.
Chuck Norris once defeated a laser beam in the 100 meter dash.
Chuck Norris doesn't try, he succeeds.
Chuck Norris writes only in the first person because thats the only person that matters to anyone.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
Chuck Norris just pissed your pants.
Chuck Norris would hit that.
It is common knowledge that there are three sides to the force: The Light Side, The Dark Side, and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once saved a cat from a tree, which was on fire, while being struck by lightning and bit by sharks at the same time.
If Chuck Norris had a dollar and you had a dollar, Chuck would kick your ass and take your dollar.
When the Incredible Hulk gets angry he transforms into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has three birthdays a year.
Chuck Norris found Nemo.
Chuck Norris lucky number is one, becuase thats how many tries it takes him to accomplish any task.
Chuck Norris refers to himself in fourth person.
To keep is his mind sharp Chuck Norris plays Tic-Tac-Toe versus himself. He wins every time.
Chuck Norris can travel through time by running at 88 miles per hour.
Not many people know this but, Walker Texas Ranger is actually a hidden camera show on Chuck Norris's life.
Chuck Norris stole your bike.
Chuck Norris' heart beats once every week.
Chuck Norris circumcised himself. At birth. With his bare hands.
Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller once. She predicted pain.
Once Chuck Norris made Jean Claude Van-Damme cry just by staring at him.
